hello this is part 5 and okay I think
I've done it this time least i hope i
have any way yep ok so once you've
completed that then there's a cable so I
thing that plan finally complete
it seems a lot of these folks were put
in nearby normally I would but I didn't
think a big hero like yourself it
protected
came in so I think Rogers working up and
just found out that one Elizabeth us we
are these guns oh that lacerates neutral
oh we dislike the concussions and then
and the other one
okay then so I think you just keep on
surviving all these then
sweeter guys in flames
no pen the Walla forgive the galaxy
first choice and evolution legal friends
can tear a hole in a wall large enough
to drive a spaceship Wow anyway it's
quite annoying gun or whatever it's
called I'm just gonna get it
okay then yeah more armor okay that whoa
apparently most of these people in this
prison have been put in prison due to me
so that's why they're all fighting me
whoo whoa i turning into a tornado
hey then rendez of nine
kenna so i take this is the last round
down those are going to be really good
then on me yay yeah one fire bomb range
mode oh cool so there's loads of these
then okay earthquake mod is charged up
was a shot crystal wrench mod titanium
ball and that's it so I'll come back to
you and thank you and goodbye